[docs] Update docs for topic stats in admin apis. (#10868)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/admin-api-topics.md

  -   **storageSize**: The sum of the ledgers' storage size for this topic. The space used to store the messages for the topic.

>   -   **bytesInCounter**: Total bytes published to the topic (bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -   **bytesInCounter**: Total bytes published to the topic.
```

>   -   **msgInCounter**: Total messages published to the topic (msg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -   **msgInCounter**: Total messages published to the topic.
```

  -   **bytesOutCounter**: Total bytes delivered to consumer (bytes).

>   -   **msgOutCounter**: Total messages delivered to consumer (msg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -   **msgOutCounter**: Total messages delivered to consumer.
```

  -   **msgChunkPublished**: Topic has chunked message published on it.

>   -   **backlogSize**: Estimated total unconsumed or backlog size in bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -   **backlogSize**: Estimated total unconsumed or backlog size (in bytes).
```

>   -   **offloadedStorageSize**: Space used to store the offloaded messages for the topic.

Author: Add **bytes** in the latest commit.

>   -   **waitingPublishers**: The number of publishers waiting in queue in exclusive access mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -   **waitingPublishers**: Number of publishers waiting in a queue in exclusive access mode.
```

          
          -   **lastExpireTimestamp**: The timestamp of the last message expire execution.
          
          -   **lastConsumedFlowTimestamp**: The timestamp of the last flow command received.

          -   **lastConsumedTimestamp**: The latest timestamp of all the consumed timestamp of the consumers.
          
          -   **lastAckedTimestamp**: The latest timestamp of all the acked timestamp of the consumers.

>           -   **bytesOutCounter**: Total bytes delivered to consumer (bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          -   **bytesOutCounter**: Total bytes delivered to consumer.
```

>           -   **msgOutCounter**: Total messages delivered to consumer (msg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          -   **msgOutCounter**: Total messages delivered to consumer.
```

          -   **msgRateRedeliver**: Total rate of messages redelivered on this subscription (msg/s).

          -   **chunkedMessageRate**: Chunked message dispatch rate.

>           -   **backlogSize**: Size of backlog in byte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          -   **backlogSize**: Size of backlog (in byte).
```

          -   **msgBacklogNoDelayed**: Number of messages in the subscription backlog that do not contain the delay messages.

>           -   **blockedSubscriptionOnUnackedMsgs**: Flag to verify if subscription is blocked due to reaching threshold of unacked messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          -   **blockedSubscriptionOnUnackedMsgs**: Flag to verify if a subscription is blocked due to reaching threshold of unacked messages.
```

          -   **msgDelayed**: Number of delayed messages currently being tracked.

          -   **unackedMessages**: Number of unacknowledged messages for the subscription.

>           -   **activeConsumerName**: The name of the consumer that is active for single active consumer subscriptions i.e. failover or exclusive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          -   **activeConsumerName**: The name of the consumer that is active for single active consumer subscriptions. For example, failover or exclusive. 
```

          -   **totalMsgExpired**: Total messages expired on this subscription. 

          -   **lastMarkDeleteAdvancedTimestamp**: Last MarkDelete position advanced timestamp.

>           -   **durable**: Tells whether this subscription is durable or ephemeral (eg.: from a reader).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          -   **durable**: Whether the subscription is durable or ephemeral (for example, from a reader).
```

                -   **blockedConsumerOnUnackedMsgs**: The flag used to verify if the consumer is blocked due to reaching threshold of the unacknowledged messages.
                
                -   **lastConsumedTimestamp**: The timestamp when the consumer reads a message the last time.

                -   **lastAckedTimestamp**: The timestamp when the consumer acknowledges a message the last time.

                -   **address**: The IP address and source port for the connection of this consumer.

                -   **connectedSince**: The timestamp when this consumer is created or reconnected last time.

                -   **clientVersion**: The client library version of this consumer.

>                 -   **bytesOutCounter**: Total bytes delivered to consumer (bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                -   **bytesOutCounter**: Total bytes delivered to consumer.
```

>                 -   **msgOutCounter**: Total messages delivered to consumer (msg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                -   **msgOutCounter**: Total messages delivered to consumer.
```
